# How to Install #
### Using the Plugin Manager ###
  * In Notepad++ go to Plugins > Plugin Manager > Show Plugin Manager
  * Check the Gmod Lua Syntax Highlighter checkbox
  * Click Install
### Manually ###
  * Download and install the latest version of Notepad++ at http://notepad-plus.sourceforge.net/uk/site.htm
  * Unzip the GmodLua plugin found on the Downloads page.
  * Copy GmodLua.dll and the Config folder into your Notepad++/plugins folder.

# How to Change the Style and Color of Keywords #
  * In Notepad++, go to Settings > Style Configurator...
  * Under Language scroll down to "Gmod 10 Lua," usually at the bottom.
  * You are able to change the look and feel of each different style category here as well as define custom keywords and user extensions (.lua is default)
  * The "Global Styles" in the language box also allows for other types of style configurations.

# How to Edit Keywords Manually #
  * Open GmodLua.xml which is located either in `"<where you installed N++>/plugins/Config"` or `"%APPDATA%/Notepad++/plugins/Config"`
  * For each "Keywords" line, you can put as many keywords as you want.
  * The name must be a number between 0 and 8.
  * The number must correspond to a "keywordClass" in a "WordsStyle" tag.
  * In the "WordStyle" you can set the names to anything you'd like, but the styleID needs to be 20 + the value of the keywordClass.
  * The plugin is optimized and has the following characteristics:
    * It checks group 7 after a colon (:) or a period.
    * It checks groups 0, 1, 2, 5, and 8 when it's a single word. (A word includes underscores)
    * It checks groups 3, 4, and 6 when it's a double word (with : or . and possibly whitespace)

# How to Edit Keywords Automatically #
  * Move Npp\_Keywords.lua from the GmodLua zip file into garrysmod/lua and once in game issue the following command.
    * `lua_openscript Npp_Keywords.lua; lua_openscript_cl Npp_Keywords.lua`
  * Open GmodLua.xml which is located either in `"<where you installed N++>/plugins/Config"` or `"%APPDATA%/Notepad++/plugins/Config"`
  * Copy and paste the contents of garrysmod/data/gmod\_lua.txt into GmodLua.xml, between the `<Language></Language>` tag. (Don't overwrite the comments, of course.)
  * Be aware that any global functions or variables declared by other mods you've installed in Gmod will be added to the keyword list.

# How to Compile from Source Using Visual Studios #
  * Compile the latest version of Notepad++ with Visual Studios [using this tutorial](http://sourceforge.net/apps/mediawiki/notepad-plus/index.php?title=Compiling_Notepad%2B%2B).
  * Download a Subversion (SVN) program. I prefer [TortoiseSVN](http://tortoisesvn.net/downloads) but there are [other good ones available](http://subversion.tigris.org/links.html#clients).
  * Checkout (aka download) the GmodLua module by issuing the checkout command on http://npp-gmod-lua.googlecode.com/svn/GmodLua.
  * Move the resulting local directory into the npp.`<version>`.src directory so that the GmodLua folder is sitting alongside the PowerEditor and scintilla folders.
  * Find the file `"scintilla/src/KeyWords.cxx"`, scroll to the bottom and delete everything between the two "Autogenerated" tags
  * Load up the Visual Studios solution file (GmodLua/vcbuild/GmodLuaPlugin.sln) and compile as `Unicode Release`.
  * Look in the GmodLua source's bin folder and take the dll and the Config folder and drop it in Notepad++'s plugins folder.