#summary Instructions on various tasks dealing with this plugin
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= How to Install =
 * Download and install the latest version of Notepad++ at http://notepad-plus.sourceforge.net/uk/site.htm
 * Unzip the GmodLua plugin.
 * Copy GmodLua.dll and the Config folder into your Notepad++/plugins folder.

= How to Change the Style and Color of Keywords =
 * In Notepad++, go to Settings > Style Configurator...
 * Under Language scroll down to "Gmod 10 Lua," usually at the bottom.
 * You are able to change the look and feel of each different style category here as well as define custom keywords and user extensions (.lua is default)
 * The "Global Styles" in the language box also allows for other types of style configurations.

= How to Fix Notepad++ to Select the Correct Language =
 * There is a bug in older versions of Notepad++ which would select the default Lua language for all .lua files with no way to select GmodLua by default without some hacking. This has been fixed in the most recent versions.


= How to Edit Keywords Manually =
 * Open GmodLua.xml which is in Notepad++/plugins/Config
 * For each "Keywords" line, you can put as many keywords as you want.
 * The name must be a number between 0 and 8.
 * The number must correspond to a "keywordClass" in a "WordsStyle" tag.
 * In the "WordStyle" you can set the names to anything you'd like, but the styleID needs to be 20 + the value of the keywordClass.

 * The optimized version has the following characteristics:
  * It checks group 7 after a colon (:) or a period.
  * It checks groups 0, 1, 2, 5, and 8 when it's a single word. (A word includes underscores)
  * It checks groups 3, 4, and 6 when it's a double word (with : or . and possibly whitespace)


= How to Edit Keywords Automatically =
 * Move Npp_Keywords.lua from the GmodLua zip file into garrysmod/lua and once in game run the following command.
  * `lua_openscript Npp_Keywords.lua; lua_openscript_cl Npp_Keywords.lua`
 * Copy and paste the contents of garrysmod/data/gmod_lua.txt into Notepad++/plugins/Config/GmodLua.xml, between the <Language></Language> tag. (Don't overwrite the comments, of course.)
 * Be aware that any global functions or variables declared by other mods will be added to the keyword list.

= How to Compile from Source =
 * Compile the latest version of Notepad++ with Visual Studios [http://notepad-plus.wiki.sourceforge.net/Build+Notepad+plus+plus+and+NppInsertPlugin+with+VC+studio+2005+or+2008+Express using this tutorial].
 * Download a Subversion (SVN) program. I prefer [http://tortoisesvn.net/downloads TortoiseSVN] but there are [http://subversion.tigris.org/links.html#clients other good ones available].
 * Checkout the module you want by issuing the checkout command on [http://npp-gmod-lua.googlecode.com/svn/<replace_with_module_name>/].
 * Module names: GmodLua, GmodLuaLite, GmodLuaUnopt
 * Move the resulting local directory into the npp.<version>.src directory so that the GmodLua folder is sitting alongside the PowerEditor and scintilla folders.
 * Add the .vcproj file to the Visual Studios solution used to compile Notepad++ and then recompile.
 * Look in the GmodLua source's bin folder and take the dll and the Config folder and drop it in Notepad++'s plugins folder.